First things first, we need to make sure you have the proper dev set up.

Nowadays, the traditional workflow is:
Work on local dev environment or controlled dev server
Push to testing server
QA
Upon approval make pull request to merge into master
Code Review
Merge into master and release

You can see how to set up a working environment here:
https://laracasts.com/series/setup-a-mac-dev-machine-from-scratch

There will be some additional steps during set up if you are working on a PC (windows).

You should have 
Virtual Box
Vagrant
Laravel Homestead (optional but it has EVERYTHING)
Iterm or gitbash as a CLI
Text editor of your choice. (Sublime and Atom seem to be popular editors)


A good resource for learning php:
http://www.phptherightway.com/

Most of the top php contributors all contributed to this site and put together all their shared knowledge. I highly recommend following standards in this site.

Set up GIT on your local dev environment and learn how to create a repository on our bitbucket account or your own github account.

LEarn basic git command like 
	Git add
	Git commit
	Git status
	Git log

Everything being learned should be saved on a file and push to a repository for code review.

Create a repository on team bitbucket with the repository name of sps-law-php
Create your own branch named : lmayfield or w/e you want
When you are at a stopping point, commit and push your edits to your git branch. We will then make a pull request and that is where we will do code reviews.

Below are the basic php things I’d like you to learn. Please provide an example for each of these things listed or any additional learnings. Comment everything in code for easier code readability.

PHP

Things to initially learn:

Creating and updating variables
Unsetting variables as well
Changing values of variables and assigning back to the variable
Creating strings
Storing strings to a variable
Add more to a string or concat  strings
Combining variables that represent different strings with each other to make one string
Operators
Basic mathematical equations
Less than vs greater than
Learn different symbols of operators
Learn when  to use AND or OR
Arrays
Creating empty arrays
Storing items in arrays
Associative arrays
Removing and adding items to arrays (pop, unshift, shift..etc)
Converting a string into an array or vice versa
Combining arrays
Different ways of referencing array keys, values or both key-value pair
Conditions
Basic if/else structures
If/elseif/else
Learn the difference between switch cases and if/else conditions
Defensive programming in php
Learn what try/catch is.
Ternary conditions / operators
Loops
Foreach loops (with and without key)
For loops
do/while loops
While loop
When should you use loops?
Read up on using loops when accessing a DB.

